they take what belongings they can for
many it's all they have
left after Sheltering in ruffa sprawling
camps for months thousands of
Palestinian families are forced to move
once more the UN says more than a
million people have been displaced from
Rafa as Israel's bombing and Military
Advance intensifies into this most
Souther area of the Gaza
Strip not only are homes were destroyed
but our schools too we can no longer go
to school our future is ruined we are
human beings like other people of the
world we lost our life our hope for a
future this is a crime it's a sin enough
with it we are
tired this is what Rua looked like in
April the camps an overcrowded so-called
Refuge from the Israeli military
Onslaught on the G of
strip ignoring an international outcry
the Israeli Army launched the incursion
into ruer in early may it ordered
Palestinians to move before an operation
the International Community said would
cross a red line an operation the world
failed to
stop we don't know where to go we left
everything behind and ran for our lives
we are now aimlessly roaming the streets
we are tired children are frightened and
starving our homes were destroyed where
do we
go the sick and wounded are treated in
hospital as time Runs Out medical
facilities now abandoned Rua's streets
are empty as Israeli tanks
Advance we were forcibly displayed from
hanun to Rafa now the Israeli occupation
forces warned all of Rafa to leave we
are tired exhausted we appeal to the
whole world to help us restore some
peace security thousands killed and
injured our children are
starving the Palestinian health
authority says that more than 20 people
mostly women and children were killed by
an Israeli air strike on a camp where
displaced people were Sheltering in the
area of elmasi Western Rafa on May the
28th Israel denied the attack
many of those who have fled rougher
since then have also gone to El
masasi before the attack Israel said it
was a so-called safe area where
Palestinian civilians should go but the
past 8 months of War have shown there is
no such place in Gaza Charles statford
Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from alaz